today we'll be doing a quick unboxing of
the razor armadillo 2 now this is a
mouse cable management system holder
basically it secures the cord of your
mouse so we're going to go ahead and
open up the packaging here 1 2 3 4 razor
as always is a master of packaging so no
matter how expensive or inexpensive the
product is it always comes in a great
retail box so there's like a
multi-layered box Dingaan oh I unpacked
it wrong yeah see so that's not how they
intended not the way it was meant to be
unpacked so here we go so put that back
in there this is how it was meant to be
unpacked you're supposed to take the top
off so the armadillo 2 is a mouse cord
holder okay go ahead and do this it's a
fairly simple straightforward device
basically it's a weighted companion cone
and here I have a mouse here
unfortunately not a Razer mouse this is
just a cheapo Mouse that I got with a
demo unit or something and let's see if
we can figure out how this works ok so
that that moves a little bit that
doesn't come with instructions I guess
they figure you should be smart enough
to figure it out on your own but not
everyone necessarily is so why don't we
go ahead and wrap that around and then
we go ahead and run that to wherever it
goes is that how it works I guess so
hold on hold on because it looks like
there's a bit of oh oh here we go hold
on ok ok I think I get it I think I get
it so I don't get it give me a minute I
get it now it's it's so simple that it
was hard for me to figure out so
basically you push the top like this
that opens up a gap in the side there ok
you take your mouse cord you thread it
into the gap and you let go now your
mouse cord is secured now why would you
need this you might ask
the reason you might need this is
because when you are moving a wired
mouse remember wired mice until you get
into the very high-end Wireless mice
still provide the best performance for
responsiveness for gaming so I mean this
one's probably an exception but a high
quality wired mouse still provides
better performance so the reason is that
there's a lot less drag on the court of
the mouse if it is secured with a
comfortable amount of slack
whereas let's say you've got it running
off the end of your desk which I see
time and time again people with their
mice configured like this so you're
sitting at your desk like this okay so
let's say you look down no no I want you
to stay not you look down I mean with
your camera in your FPS game you look
down so watch this cord now it's hooked
now when I go to look back out all of a
sudden there's extra resistance on the
mouse so I can't move precisely so
that's what the armadillo 2 is for now I
actually use a mouse cord holder at home
I don't remember where I got it but it's
it's a weighted one where the top
unscrews you put the mouse cord into a
gap and then you screw the top back on
to secure the cord very similar idea so
it's just got a bit of heft to it so
that it's not going to move around it
has a grippy bottom so also so that it's
not going to move around and it's so
simple to use that I can't figure it out
thank you for checking out this unboxing
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips from unboxings reviews and other
computer videos